Hey, Tails.
Why don't you try steering the
ship on a different course now?
I guess I can.
But where exactly do you
want me to go, Sonic?
Wherever. It doesn't matter.
It's just, we've been going this
direction since the Metarex began
chasing us twelve hours ago,
and I've been wondering
why they haven't
fired a shot at us.
Are you suggesting that
the Metarex tricked us
into going this way?
Is it a trap, Sonic?
Why don't we find out?
Okay.
And while we're at
it, we can test out
how accurate their
tracking sensors are.
Let's push our speed to the max.
Chris, increase auxiliary
engines to maximum power.
CHRIS: Roger. Increasing power now.
TAILS: Turn to Mark 3.1.
Are you sure this is a good idea?
They're turning, too!
It's a laser blast.
The Metarex are firing at us.
All shields up.
Guess they don't want
us going this way.
TAILS: Change course to Mark 0.8.
Maintain speed.
AMY: But there are three ships
approaching at Mark 3.70.
And they're coming
at us full speed!
Quick, target those ships now!
You got it!
Amy, load six missiles and
prepare to fire on my command.
CHRIS: Targets set.
AMY: Missiles are loaded.
TAILS: Fire!
CHRIS: All three ships
have been destroyed.
Five more are on the way.
TAILS: Return to
original coordinates.
CHRIS: Roger.
TAILS: Now it's their move.
Cream, keep all the shields up.
CREAM: Roger!
If the Metarex back off now,
it's because they want
us to head this way.
The Metarex ships turned around.
They aren't chasing us anymore.
The Metarex are up to something.
Looks that way.
Chris, are there any
Metarex ahead of us?
I've been trying to search
the area with our scanners,
but so far, I've haven't
detected anything at all.
It's possible that somebody's
jamming our scanners.
KNUCKLES: Then it is a trap.
We should turn around.
No way.
I'm really curious to know
what the Metarex are scheming.
You want us to stay on course?
That doesn't make any sense, Sonic.
We're bound to get attacked.
That's what I'm hoping for.
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
-Gotta go fast
-Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
DARK OAK: Send a fleet of battle
ships to destroy Sonic now.
BLACK NARCISSUS: No. I want
to confront him face to face.
It's much more challenging
and amusing.
Do not underestimate that
hedgehog and his friends.
Remember what happened to your
fellow commander, Red Pine?
[Laughing]
Red Pine was a weak fool.
He did not have the right skills
to defeat Sonic, but I do.
It's all a matter of brainpower.
You see, it's impossible to
vanquish a powerful opponent
unless you understand him.
I have built two prototype robots
to test the hedgehog's abilities.
Perhaps they can defeat Sonic.
If not, I'll use the data
from their attack to
construct another robot
that will destroy him!
[Evil laughter]
TAILS: The scanners picked
up a planet dead ahead.
AMY: But I thought the Metarex
were jamming our sensors.
Well, I guess they
changed their mind,
and decided to stop jamming
them for some reason, Amy.
Thanks for straightening
that out for us.
I'll bring a magnified view
up on the main screen.
That's magnified?
AMY: We can hardly see anything.
I can make the image bigger.
I'll just have to
zoom in digitally.
[Beeping]
KNUCKLES: Not exactly a prime
piece of real estate, is it?
Huh?
Hold on! Look at those readings.
The computer analysis shows those
craters were all made recently.
The Metarex probably kept attacking this
planet until it was totally lifeless.
Tails is right.
Mm.
I thought it was a bad
idea to come here,
but I've changed my mind.
If these Metarex want
to challenge us,
then I say bring 'em on!
The scanners have
located their base.
Let's go there and make 'em pay
for what they did to this planet.
They think they fooled us,
which will make it even sweeter
when we beat those Metarex.
Okay, let's go for it!
Turning off all shields
to increase power.
We're ready to go!
[Beeping]
Huh?
This can't be right!
The ship's sensors have detected
a bunch of Chaos Emeralds.
What's going on?
Didn't you adjust the sensors so you
wouldn't pick up anymore fake Emeralds?
What makes you think
these Emeralds are fake?
They could be real.
There's no way this many
Chaos Emeralds exist.
How many of them are out there?
About 500.
Whoa. That's a big rock collection.
It looks like these fake
Chaos Emeralds are a lot more
advanced than the
others we've seen.
Those Metarex are
definitely clever.
But they're also
devious and dangerous.
Speaking of the Metarex, you guys,
it looks like they're
sending us a message.
This is the first time they've
ever sent us a text message.
I'll turn on the translator.
You don't have to
bother. I can read it.
"Greetings, space voyagers.
It was I who sent the Metarex
to attack your ship
and chase you down.
You were being tested, and
you have passed with honor.
I admire your great courage, and
I invite you to visit my base.
I am Black Narcissus, a
commander of the Metarex."
So he's inviting us to his base?
Let's send him an
RSVP on a missile.
If we do go to that base,
you should stay on the ship.
You're much too hot-headed
for this mission.
What?! I am not a hot-head!
Oh, yeah?
She got you!
There's more.
Huh.
Really? What else
does it say, Cosmo?
I'm all mixed up!
I meant to say there isn't
anything more to the message!
Huh?
Okay, let's go and say hello.
I doubt the Metarex will invite
us back after we wreck the place.
[All laughing]
I hope they'll forgive
me for deceiving them.
[Alarm sounds]
The Metarex just
fired missiles at us.
That isn't a very warm welcome.
Chao chao!
CREAM: Sending more power
to the front shields.
These Metarex are
playing games with us.
I knew they were sneaky,
but this is a new low.
Cosmo?
Oh!
CREAM: They're coming in fast!
There's too many of
them to shoot down!
[Gasp] Hey, Sonic!
According to the sensors,
those missiles are packed with
potassium nitrate and aluminum.
That's weird.
I don't get it.
Well, those chemicals
are used in fireworks.
[All yelp]
I had a feeling this trip was
gonna blow up in our faces.
BLACK NARCISSUS: You may
proceed through the tunnel.
I am waiting for you.
So you came alone.
You are braver than I thought.
I rather suspected that
you would lose your nerve.
Uh! Where are you?
Is there some reason why
you're hiding from me?
Calm yourself.
You have nothing to fear... so far.
[Chuckling] Welcome to my base.
You promised to tell me everything.
I want to know the truth about
my ancestors and the Metarex.
You tell me now, or I'm leaving!
Foolish girl. You
aren't going anywhere.
You're incredibly naive.
Don't you realize
you've been tricked?
The only reason I brought you here
was to make you my prisoner.
Prisoner?
"Answers I have about
your clan that you seek.
To my base you will
come in five minutes
when I launch the
missiles at your ship."
That message doesn't
make any sense.
Are you sure the
translator is working?
I think so.
Cosmo is the only one who
understands the Metarex's writing.
Has Sonic figured
out where she went?
Not yet, but I'm sure he'll find her
soon and send her to the bridge.
I wouldn't count on
that, if I were you.
Amy's ship is missing.
Huh?
How could she leave the Blue Typhoon
without the sensors spotting her?
She must have had
help from a hacker.
But the only one who could hack into
the system, other than me, is Chris.
He's gone, too.
Listen to me.
There must be a way to
work this out peacefully.
Can't we just try?
Silence!
I have no intention of
negotiating with you.
You were not invited here.
Return to your ship at once,
or you will be destroyed.
I'm sorry I got you involved
in this mess, Chris.
Forget it, okay?
It's not like you forced
me to come along.
I wanted to help you.
I still don't understand exactly
why you wanted to come here,
but I'm sure you had a good reason.
I did!
Please understand, I had to come!
I had to. Really!
[Laughing] I'm sorry
to laugh, Cosmo.
It's just, you remind me of
myself when I was younger.
When you were younger?
When we make it back to the Blue
Typhoon, I'll try to explain.
Let's get going.
Hold it.
Your friend Cosmo stays here.
Sorry, but I don't
think so! [Explosion]
[Gasp]
Come on, Cosmo!
This is the most dismal escape
attempt I've ever seen.
I'll give them a head start to
try and add some excitement.
[Panting]
Oh!
Don't worry, I've got
everything under control.
Ah!
Now let's go.
[Both gasp]
Ah!
Chris, are you all right?
Your friend is not hurt... for now.
I must say I'm rather
pleased he tried to flee.
It's been too long since
I've felt the thrill
of taking down a foe
with my own hands.
I must try it more often.
TAILS: Okay, this is it.
Target coordinates
for base are set.
Prepare to load the
Sonic Power Cannon.
AMY: I hope Sonic brings Chris
and Cosmo back here safely,
so I can pound some
sense into them!
CREAM: I can't believe
Chris was so reckless.
Who does he think he is, Knuckles?
Cut the chatter, and let's
get on with the attack.
AMY: Take it easy. We're ready.
Then let's go.
Tails, let's fire up the
cannon to full power.
Yeah. If we can get
Sonic in there fast,
we may catch Black
Narcissus by surprise.
All set, Sonic?
Sure am!
That Metarex won't
know what hit him.
Okay, then I'll get the
cannon ready to fire.
Increase the power level
to maximum energy now.
Sonic, prepare for launch!
I'm locking on target.
Get ready!
We're blasting you at
that base, full speed!
Sonic Power Cannon, fire!
The scanner was right.
There are a lot of
fake Emeralds here.
[Shuddering]
Suddenly, I don't feel so great.
BLACK NARCISSUS:
Sonic the Hedgehog.
How kind of you to drop in.
I've been looking
forward to meeting you.
Won't you join me in
my command center?
[Chuckling] You're not
at all what I expected.
I didn't think you'd
be so... scrawny.
It's hard to believe
you're a great fighter.
Well, maybe later I can
prove to you how tough I am.
But right now, I want
to see my friends.
Now, are you gonna show
me where they are?
Of course I will.
Your friends have not been harmed.
In fact, the only reason I took
them prisoner was to lure you here.
You see, I've heard so many
stories about your powers
that I decided to bring you
here for an experiment.
Sorry, pal, but I'm a hedgehog,
not a guinea pig.
Now, where are my friends?
You will cooperate
with my experiment.
We will start by collecting data
on your strength and speed.
I already told you...
There's no way I'm gonna help you.
Now show me where my friends are!
Since you refuse, then I will have
to experiment on your friends.
This is a trap, Sonic!
Huh!
COSMO: Sonic! Get out!
BLACK NARCISSUS: Your friends
certainly make a pathetic pair.
Chris! Cosmo!
The fate of your friends
rests entirely in your hands.
If you choose to oppose me,
then I assure you, they
will pay a painful price.
It should be quite entertaining.
[Evil laughter]
[Sonic grimaces angrily]
Well, Sonic, what is your decision?
Are you ready to proceed
with the experiment?
[Teeth gritting]
I've never seen Cosmo
look so scared.
Grr!
She should be.
And Chris was passed out.
What did you do to him?
He attempted to escape. and
was taught a painful lesson.
It is time for the experiment.
These two Metarex were designed by
me, especially for this occasion.
Gold will test your strength,
and Silver, your speed.
I based my Metarex designs on data
that was collected during
previous battles against you.
I'm eager to see if they're
powerful enough to defeat you.
[Angry chuckling]
All right, then.
Let's test 'em out!
[Grunting]
[Robots groan]
Looks like you'll have to go
back to the drawing board.
DR. EGGMAN: Settle down, Sonic.
I don't think I've ever seen
you this worked up before.
You are not the only one
having a bad day, you know.
Our trip was a real space odyssey.
We had some mechanical
difficulties.
For some reason, the Egg
Drive got scrambled up.
Space travel is tricky.
I've warped past so many planets,
I'm starting to see stars.
Listen, Sonic.
I'm really disappointed in you.
From now on, be careful not to let
your temper get out of control,
or one of these days, you may
find you're always angry,
just like another hedgehog we know.
You should get out of here.
And don't worry about
your crew mates.
Shadow already rescued them.
SHADOW: Hmm. The kid
will be all right.
I hope you learned your lesson.
Next time, I may not
be around to save you.
[Yelling]
Rouge wrecked the machine that
makes the fake Chaos Emeralds.
She seemed to get a
real kick out of it.
Oof! Ack!
That felt great.
If there's one thing I hate,
it's imitation jewelry.
You Metarex have bad taste.
From now on, stick to genuine gems.
You did a great job, Rouge.
That was awesome!
Yes, I know. They don't call
me a knockout for nothin'.
I don't like the way you
attacked Chris and Cosmo.
It's one thing to take them
prisoner and threaten them,
but when you actually
hurt somebody,
that's going too far.
DECOE: You said it, Doctor!
BOCOE: Even we have
some principles.
And I also don't like you making
counterfeit Chaos Emeralds.
Yeah, that's phony-baloney!
And another thing-
Silence!
Back off, buster!
What the-
[Yelling]
[Grunt]
Are you ready for round two?
[Laughing]
My robots are tougher
than they look.
They could beat a whole army of
Metarex with their bare hands.
Why did you interfere, Eggman?
Because I want to send you
and your Meta-pals a warning.
What warning?
Are you teaming up with Sonic
and his friends against us?
[Laughing] Well, now.
That all depends...
on whether you want me to
be your most dangerous foe,
or most valuable friend.
Black Narcissus, you'd better
tell your fellow commanders
not to underestimate me again.
It's clear that your battle against
Sonic and his friends has just begun.
Today, I came to that
hedgehog's defense,
but that doesn't mean
we're on the same side.
I could still be persuaded to join
your team for the right price.
[Evil laughter]